# ArduinoLLM human language compiler

## Introduction

To call this a compiler is an stretch of the imagination, but basically what this code does is use LLMs to transform human language into Arduino .ino files.

Right now only OpenAI API is supported.

## Set up

### Providing API keys

You must create a `config.json` file on the same folder as `generator.py`. Said file must contain your API key and your organization key, this way:
```
{
    "key": "API_KEY",
    "org": "ORG_KEY"
}
```

with `API_KEY` and `ORG_KEY` being your actual keys.

### Installing requirements

Navigate to the same folder where `requirements.txt` is and type:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

write your prompt in a file with `.human` extension, and call the arduinoLLM.py file like such:
```
python arduinoLLM.py <INPUT_FILE>
```

with `<INPUT_FILE>` being the name of your file.

The output file should appear in a `main/main.ino` file in the same directory as `INPUT_FILE`.

> The latest version of the Arduino IDE supports external writes to an opened file, which means that if you open the `main/main.ino` file on the IDE you will be able to upload it right away as it is generated by the AI.

## Disclaimer

This is as untested as it can get. No clean output is ensured by the AI, and in no way there is any guarantee that the output code will do what it is expected from it. The authors of this repo, as well as the providers of the LLMs bear no responsibility of any damage or undesired effect this software might cause.

> DO NOT COMMIT YOUR API KEYS